all right second match and let's bring
out the red the super red candy I don't
think she got me going all that on a
flippy flippy jumpy jumpy I just had to
carve it that I'm sorry you'd be smooth
no you already seeing red because candy
got a readout feet Wow do it do it do it
do it can it strike or spike whatever
yeah
oh yeah he's nimble
yeah good fisherman good throw mr. all a
check on oh no don't dang title picture
she died she died you leave hey I want
it regular my ax
I need I got Trek best super combo okay
wanna try it all right ready Oh what
ah how to win one stinking wind I had
high hopes for you I'm going to am an
English voice now for England James know
for me